Detailed Instructions to run setup and test the Traini8 Application

PREQUISITE: 
1.JAVA VERSION 21 SHOULD BE INSTALLED AS THIS PROJECT IS USING JAVA 21 VERSION. 2.INTELLIJ IDE SHOULD BE INSTALLED IN THE SYSTEM.

Step 1. Open Intellij IDE
Step2.  Import the project from github- Downloads/traini8 (1)
Step 3. Go to folder src->main->java->com. project. traini8 and run the Traini8Application file.
Step 4. The build should be successful.
Step 5. Open Postman
Step 6. Save data - Select post request and enter the following url:  http://localhost:8080/api/training-centers/create . Now click on body and enter the data in json format.
You will get a 200 OK message which means data is successfully created in the DB.
Step 7. Retrieve data- Select get request in the postman and enter the following url:  http://localhost:8080/api/training-centers/get . You will get the 200 OK message which means the data is retrieved successfully. You can see the saved data in the response body.
Step 8. Retrieve data by any particular id number- Select get request in the postman and enter the following url:  http://localhost:8080/api/training-centers/get/1
You will get the 200 OK message which means the data is retrieved successfully. You can see the saved data in the response body.

Note: In place of 1 you can put any id number, for example if there are 3 entries then to get the data of number 2 id the url would be : http://localhost:8080/api/training-centers/get/2

To check the data validation:
If any data value is entered out of these following given constraints then it will return the appropriate error message.
•	CenterName (text)* (less than 40 characters)  
•	CenterCode (text)* (exactly 12 character alphanumeric) 
•	Address (object)* 
•	Detailed Address
•	City 
•	State 
•	Pincode 
•	Student Capacity (number) 
•	Courses Offered (List) 
•	CreatedOn (Epoch time generated by System, not by user) 
•	ContactEmail (text) (If present, email should be validated) 
•	ContactPhone (text)* (Phone number validation )

Note: This is using H2 database which creates the inbuilt memory database. There is no need to create a separate database in the system. 


